Added Release Notes for Hazelcast Operator 5.11.0 (#194)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

= Release Notes

This release introduced xref:tiered-storage.adoc[Tiered Storage], xref:cp-subsystem.adoc[CP Subsystem], xref:wan-sync.adoc[Full and Delta WAN Sync support].

== New Features

- Tiered Storage support for Hazelcast and Map CRs (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/984[#984])
- CP Subsystem configuration support for Hazelcast CR (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/1041[#1041])
- Full and Delta WAN Sync support (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/977[#977])

> - Added possibility to configure `consistencyCheckStrategy` in WanReplication CR (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/1072[#1072])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ability to configure `consistencyCheckStrategy` in WanReplication CR (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/1072[#1072])
```

> - Introduced localConfig was added to Persistence configuration to restore from existing PVs which are created by the Helm chart or the Operator (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/1043[#1043])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced localConfig, which was added to the Persistence configuration to restore from existing PVs that are created by the Helm chart or the Operator (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/1043[#1043])
```

- Exposed ingress path for external connectivity in the Management Center CR (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/989[#989])
- Added Custom Query Attributes into Map CR (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/978[#978])

== Changes

> - Removed the ability to configure `persistence.baseDir` field for user convenience (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/1028[#1028])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the ability to configure `persistence.baseDir` field (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/1028[#1028])
```

Reviewer: it read as though we had removed the field that was convenient for the user.

If you want tokeep this, I assume youmean we have made it more convenient, so alternative suggestion below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To simplify your configuration, removed the ability to configure `persistence.baseDir` field (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/1028[#1028])
```

Author: @rebekah-lawrence I checked the PR one more time. What if I'll keep like this: 

"- Removed the ability to configure `persistence.baseDir` field that will be managed by the operator internally(https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/1028[#1028])"

> - Added support for running Hazelcast cluster with user-defined `serviceAccount` (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/983[#983])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for running a Hazelcast cluster with the user-defined `serviceAccount` (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/983[#983])
```

- Display HazelcastEndpoint address for NodePort services (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/966[#966])

> - Property `hazelcast.cluster.version.auto.upgrade.enabled` was enabled by default (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/957[#957])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enabled the `hazelcast.cluster.version.auto.upgrade.enabled` by default (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/957[#957])
```

> - Support for scaling the cluster size using the `scale` subresource has been added (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/941[#941])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for scaling the cluster size using the `scale` subresource (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/941[#941])
```

> - Users are now able to define annotations and labels for Hazelcast resources, which Operator will use when creating new Kubernetes resources (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/964[#964])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ability to define annotations and labels for Hazelcast resources, which Operator will use when creating new Kubernetes resources (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/964[#964])
```

- Added ‘delete’ Webhook to HotBackup Custom Resource Definition (CRD)  for checking to restore references (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/981[#981])

> - WanConfig name field length limit was set to prevent port name generation issues (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/936[#936])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the WanConfig name field length limit to prevent port name generation issues (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/936[#936])
```

- Added ability to configure resources field for Operator Agent Sidecar (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/980[#980])

> - Platform Operator Agent image version was updated to 0.1.26

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Platform Operator Agent image version to 0.1.26
```

== Fixed Issues

- Fixed Update validation for Management Center `hazelcastClusters[*].tls.secretName` (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/1074[#1074])
- Refactored HotBackup persistence validation to use the `HotBackup` object as the source object of the error instead of the `Hazelcast` object (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/988[#988])

> - Watching of resources in Operator’s own namespace was removed when watchedNamespaces were specified (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/935[#935])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the watching of resources in Operator’s own namespace when watchedNamespaces were specified (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/935[#935])
```
